README.md, before:

# New Repo Project

The new-repo project is a default template for .NET Foundation projects. It's also probably a fine start for other .NET projects (have at it, but change the license). It contains the correct license, a decent README, and initial project structure (including a standard .gitignore for the Visual Studio family of products).

You can learn more about the project from the project [Documentation](Documentation).

## Using New Repo

You can simply `git clone` this project to get started. It is recommended that you don't preserve history of the project (it isn't generally meaningful) for your repo, but make a copy and `git init` your project from source.

Consult [CHECKLIST.md] for helpful suggestions on preparing your repo to go public.

## Building

You don't "build" New Repo, however, this will be meaningful for many other projects.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on contributing to this project.

This project has adopted the code of conduct defined by the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) 
to clarify expected behavior in our community. For more information, see the [.NET Foundation Code of Conduct](http://www.dotnetfoundation.org/code-of-conduct).

## License

This project is licensed with the [MIT license](LICENSE).

## .NET Foundation

New Repo is a [.NET Foundation project](https://dotnetfoundation.org/projects).

## Related Projects

You should take a look at these related projects:

- [.NET Core](https://github.com/dotnet/core)
- [ASP.NET](https://github.com/aspnet)
- [Mono](https://github.com/mono)

Commit message:

Update readme to identify the differences in this fork
Also included acknowledgement of the github "use this template" functionality which appears to have been added after the readme was last updated.

README.md, after:

# New Repo Project

The new-repo project is a default template for .NET Foundation projects. It's also probably a fine start for other .NET projects (have at it, but change the license). It contains the correct license, a decent README, and initial project structure (including a standard .gitignore for the Visual Studio family of products).

This fork is mostly unchanged from the original dotnet foundation version, except it has been updated slightly to more closely align with [David Fowler's recommended .NET project structure](https://gist.github.com/davidfowl/ed7564297c61fe9ab814).

You can learn more about the project from the project [Documentation](Documentation).

## Using New Repo

You can simply `git clone` this project to get started. It is recommended that you don't preserve history of the project (it isn't generally meaningful) for your repo, but make a copy and `git init` your project from source.

Consult [CHECKLIST.md] for helpful suggestions on preparing your repo to go public.

Alternatively, click the "Use this template" button above to create a new repo using this one as a template.

## Building

You don't "build" New Repo, however, this will be meaningful for many other projects.

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on contributing to this project.

This project has adopted the code of conduct defined by the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) 
to clarify expected behavior in our community. For more information, see the [.NET Foundation Code of Conduct](http://www.dotnetfoundation.org/code-of-conduct).

## License

This project is licensed with the [MIT license](LICENSE).

## .NET Foundation

New Repo is a [.NET Foundation project](https://dotnetfoundation.org/projects).

## Related Projects

You should take a look at these related projects:

- [.NET Core](https://github.com/dotnet/core)
- [ASP.NET](https://github.com/aspnet)
- [Mono](https://github.com/mono)
